The FOM Webtool will help increase transparency
around forest operations and build trust with stakeholders.
Bill 21, the Forest and Range Practices Amendment Act,
requires that licensees outline
their proposed cut blocks and roads
in a Forest Operations Map (or FOM).
The FOM must be available for public review and comment
and is a key part of broader regulatory
changes now coming into force under FRPA.
The most convenient way for
licensees to engage with the public
and make their final FOM submission to government
– now required under FRPA – is this FOM webtool.
Final FOM submissions must include the
FSP ID,
the FOM holder and natural resource District names,
spatial data for proposed and final roads or cutblocks
a copy of the newspaper public notice,
and all comments received by the public and stakeholders.
Streamlining submission of this final
report to government is just one of the ways
the FOM webtool helps you build social
license with minimal administrative burden.
Keep exploring this training module
to learn about the FOM webtool
and the convenience it provides.